Add DeSci (#2435)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Humane Technology](https://github.com/humanetech-community/awesome-humane-tech#readme) - Open source projects that help improve society.
- [Mental Health](https://github.com/dreamingechoes/awesome-mental-health#readme) - Mental health awareness and self-care in the software industry.
- [Neuroscience](https://github.com/analyticalmonk/awesome-neuroscience#readme) - Study of the nervous system and brain.

> - [Decentralized Science](https://github.com/DeSciWorldDAO/awesome-desci#readme) - Descentralized Science: Science using blockchain technology to solve issues related to funding, publishing, data validation and sharing.

Reviewer: Looks good @gingerheart86! I'm a big DeSci fan myself, thanks for adding this!

 Just a few small comments:
The link text already says Decentralized Science, you don't need to mention it again in the description. I also made the description a bit more gramatically correct and concise.

```suggestion
- [Decentralized Science](https://github.com/DeSciWorldDAO/awesome-desci#readme) - Use blockchain technology to develop, fund and share science.
```

Author: hey! I liked your suggestion! thanks! I'm not native english speaker so grammar corrections are most welcome!
I think I might change blockchain for DLT

- [Humane Technology](https://github.com/humanetech-community/awesome-humane-tech#readme) - Open source projects that help improve society.
- [Mental Health](https://github.com/dreamingechoes/awesome-mental-health#readme) - Mental health awareness and self-care in the software industry.
- [Neuroscience](https://github.com/analyticalmonk/awesome-neuroscience#readme) - Study of the nervous system and brain.

> - [Decentralized Science](https://github.com/DeSciWorldDAO/awesome-desci#readme) - Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) to develop, fund and share science.

Author: I know, but it's true that DLT is more broad. We may be losing concept by just including blockchain.
Either way, I see your point.
We can leave it that way for now.

- [Mental Health](https://github.com/dreamingechoes/awesome-mental-health#readme) - Mental health awareness and self-care in the software industry.
- [Neuroscience](https://github.com/analyticalmonk/awesome-neuroscience#readme) - Study of the nervous system and brain.

> 

Reviewer 2: Desci
